# Summer 2021 Web Design at RISD — Assignment 2

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Instructions
This assignment is designed to initiate you into the world of creating web pages using HTML and CSS, employing what you’ve learned thus far and adding your own design sense.

The included `content` folder contains various text files (`.txt`), each related to the review(s) of a particular music album within a specific genre. These range from rap to post-jazz. Your assignment is to create and style a single-page web site using the pre-defined content from *one* of the text files. Copy and paste the text from your chosen file into `index.html`, then markup the text based on what you know about HTML. Finally, style the page with CSS, writing all your CSS into the `style.css` page. There’s no restriction on what you may do design-wise.

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

## File List
01. `README.md`
02. `content/content--arvo-part.txt`
03. `content/content--boards-of-canada.txt`
04. `content/content--dawn-of-midi.txt`
05. `content/content--gy!be.txt`
06. `content/content--public-enemy.txt`
07. `content/content--ramones.txt`
08. `css/style.css`
09. `img/`

## Rules
* Only submit files that are required by your project: Do not submit working files, such as `.psd`, `.ai`, `.indd`, or `.sketch` files.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Place all your markup in `index.html`.
* Place all your styles in `style.css`.
* Do not alter or remove any of the `.gitignore` files.
* The only files you may add are images, which, if included, must go in the `img` folder and **must** be _smaller_ than 1MB.

## Some Questions to Ask Yourself As You Do This Project
* Which sections are most important? Is there a tag for that?
* Is there an implied hierarchy in the content?
* What should be emphasized?
* How should I emphasize the important content?
* Which typeface will help me to get my meaning across?
* Do I want to lead the user’s eye in a direction other than that defined by the Gutenberg Diagram?
* What colors should I use?
* Do I want my design to be busy, minimal, or in between?
* Is my spacing too much or not enough?
* Is my content legible to people of all ages?
* Is my design inline with web sites presenting similar content? If so or if not, is this intentional?
* Does my font choice complement the message of the content?
* Is my design communicating what I need it to?
* Is the page easy to navigate?
* Is the user’s experience effortless?
* What should go above the fold?

## Validate
Make sure Atom continually reports `No errors were found!` in the lower left hand corner as you work. Solve validation issues as you work — don’t let them accumulate.

## Due
10:00 PM on Friday, 9 July 2021.

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.
